This project is NOT sponsored by the following, and I am in no way affiliated with them: Knitpro, WoolWarehouse. They're just my favourite kntting needle brand, and my favourite place to buy wool online. The images from these companies help to make the site look put together.

Database issues:
My mind was changed many times as to what I was going to do. I thought knitting could be fun, but then where do you start. I decided to do the ply of the yarn, I chose three yarn brands, and then I thought comparing the yans composition would be fun. Then after I spent Thursday doing this, I realised it wouldn't end, in the sense that there are so many different compositions depending on the skeins that the companys are selling (some have 4 different types of DK for instance all of different materials), so on Friday I decided to start again. Be more basic. So I stuck with the ply of the yarn, and this time added the needle sizes and the style. I could've made it more complicated and added the conversion sizes of the needles as well, and the composition of them, but I am trying to keep this simple.

I realised I hadn't aggregated the tables, so I had to stop coding and go back to do that.

THEN I had an issue with Postman not fetching me the id request, I realised that I had closed the bracket far too soon. Yay me. Solved that in less than two minutes.

I have copied and pasted the req/res statements so that I wouldn't be typing out all that code all over again for my other two items (the needle sizes and type), HOWEVER I missed that I hadn't changed one of the "ply"'s to needlesizes in the /id block, it still said const ply and I thought that this was because I hadn't specifically aggregated it in sql, I only had it with ply aggregate so I made what I thought would be it's own aggregate (don't ask). HOWEVER after half an hour of it still not working and me constantly checking over the work on sql and postman and then back to vscode (it was a loop) then I finally saw the error. The vs code terminal had told me the error was on the blocks first line, and I couldn't see it on there which is why I looked elsewhere for the error. The error was actually three lines below that.

My Schema Visulizer looks like a map of the London Underground, everything is connected to each other. Not sure it should look like that personally, but it feels like the perfect visualisation of my brain, and highlights perfectly how I feel when I say that everything is connected to everything and nothing is more important than the other. I think a massive problem I had this time with the database was that everything can be linked in with each other and at what point do you stop linking them all together. I think that was my issue with arraying the array with the array in my sqlsql page. ALSO if I git push my work more than I won't have to undo things to get to where my code worked. But at least I knew where it worked and did not this time.
